Again.
So let's try to see how the snapshot work.
So for example we take a part on battery and machine that have the operating system to see the different
that will happen when we take a snapshot.
So no matter when you do a virtual machine in avi up or in our resource pool or in a house directly
it's the same as always.
So for example we take two windows xp 0 4 we parted on this virtual machine.
It's in a power on process if we want to take a snapshot we click on it and we have the option called
snap shot.
Then you have take snapshots or Munnar snapshot or delete snapshot.
By the way the snapshot can work in our life virtual machine.
That's about it all or even in uploaded of virtual machine.
This one that is part of we click on Sinatras we have not trawled my snapchat and it's not true.
The other option is not available because the virtual machine have Xerox nuptials when we have on your
snapshot we can revert to the latest one or do consolidate.
So for example let's start with uploaded on one.
How does this virtual machine that's still bolted on.
And we try to take our Snapshot and covered different option we have.
So it's very simple you will give it a name to that's not snapshot in.
For example specific reason he chose automatically the date and time of this snapshot.
Then you can add that description.
One example before they do why it's like that or for example I want to in stall the anti virus like
that's stupid put anything like that.
We'll let you know that this not nuptials happened before making specific change or specific reason
to do it.
Then we have the auction snapshot of vitriol machine Memali.
That's me.
You are what is the snapshot to take us to do virtual machine memory during all the data that's logged
in the rain.
Also we'll take a snapshot of this one.
So what's happened right here.
It's like you make a standby to a virtual machine.
If we back to this virtual machine like that power we chose this band that's me and we can't dispute
your machine that's me.
Aldo what available in memory in the room will be saved in the harddrive for keeping any in charge.
So if it's any change that does not civets yet into how driver would not be open Microsoft Word.
And you make some edits in then you still not save that editing when you click C-SPAN's it will save
the file open it in the harddrive when your power on this virtual machine.
It will load the file from the hard labor to the memory and you will find that on your file it still
open with the chair that you make and still that not see it in the harddrive.
So you need to chose
snapshot and it's not just the virtual machine.
If you check this one it's like you don't care about the data exists in memory and anything that's did
not save it from the memory it will not take it from the snapshot it will last.
All the data that loaded in the room it's like a power of the virtual machine and ticket was not shot
then you live to a virtual machine originally powered on and you work with your snapshots that will
only copy and pass do data of the hard drive.
It will see only data of the harddrive not the data into memory.
So for example we're back to this one.
For example we have this document with up and this one like that's I remember this folder click right
where we make our snap shot like that.
So this fight is still save into memory.
That's I mean we still not click on the save to save the chance of this one and we're going to make
our nuptial So we have a virtual machine board on.
We have some changes that still not save.
And we click on them that your machine we chose snapshot take a snapshot we chose snapshot the virtual
machine Memali And of course had to give us any information that you want.
It is up.
First off it's not shot like that and click OK.
So we'll take snapshots creates virtual machines not SRODES.
It is its task great virtual machine.
It's not short.
It will take a little time.
It's information about the size of the memoir.
So we have 200 megabytes of memory use it.
So it will save two hundred megabytes of data into a hard driver of the snapshot.
So when we chose not to do time take the latest knowledge is about the size consumer of the Memali.
For example we have another virtual machine that's we have 16 of the RAM and consume about 10 gigabyte
RAM so the snapshot will take the time to save the data of 10 gigabytes of room in a hard drive.
So the speed is always in the region about the memory of course.
If we don't chose to take a snapshot to uploaded on virtual machine it will be a little faster than
this one will try to do it later.
So for example in the process we can do it in our power grid on bitchen machine.
So it's not just a snapshot in time.
This option is not available because this machine is a part of this is a snap shot of our bow
or head of virtual machine like that with click OK.
And you see another task when it starts and which will happen faster because this machine is powered
off that's mean we didn't copy anything current on one
all.
The first one still in its own time.
So how does it degrades virtual machine make the migration because of the data as a rule.
So you see the virtual machine is part of complex to do snapshot and the virtual machine that is bolted
on still in the process of creating snapshots of the time.
Take this one more then do what is right.
So it's complete 100 percent.
He just took a little time to finish the process.
So here is it if you check the time for ISSUE 1 the virtual machine it on take more time than do one
that is parted off.
So if you book through the virtual machine that is bolted on when we take a snapshot and back retail
you see the video machines do it work perfectly.
And the challenge still available if we click like that and we ask you to save it to change.